Need to sell your house fast in Richmond, Virginia?
USA Home Buyers purchases homes as-is for cash throughout Richmond City — The Fan, Church Hill, Scott's Addition, Manchester, Northside, Highland Park, and surrounding areas.
No agents, no fees, no repairs.
Virginia uses non-judicial foreclosure via deed of trust — the trustee's sale can happen in 45-60 days, with no right of redemption after.
A cash sale before that date preserves your equity.
We also handle estate properties, divorce sales, tenant-occupied rentals, and code-violation properties.
Written cash offer in 24 hours.
Close in 7 days.
We cover all closing costs including Virginia's grantor's tax.
Call 888-274-5006.